---
layout: post
title:  "💦 one water"
date:   2022-07-26 07:48:40 -0400
categories: writing
---

When you float do you ever feel like you are the water?

Simply moving your finger and feeling subtle ripples and
ruptures engage the water. 

You can speak water. Move to your will. 
During the longer floats there is a point where 
time becomes a shadow. 
The water and the ripples become the sensation 
of time. Waves undulating back and forth against the walls of the tank.

Is time a wave? 

You will know you are there because the power flickers as you submerge
deeper into the darkness. Then, you see this blinding white flash. 
A lightning strikes illuminates everything. Let us pause this moment. 

The wall, the floor, the ceiling, the doors, all of it. The grand ol clock, the dirty laundry, 
the photos of mee-maw and paw paw, 
the iPhone, and the dirty dishes.
The boom that should rattle your dishes and cause the animals to bark never comes.

Quickly you ask yourself did someone turn on the lights? Then, you hear it. 

You hear the sound of children laughing outside
and birds chirping. The water continues engulfing you,
slowly guiding you through the biggest room you have ever been in. No one has ever
been here before, except you.

You can never touch the walls of this room because the room is so expansive. It feels
as if the room is growing. You
can no longer move like a regular human, rather you are gaseous ball of air.

The room is full of nothing but a strange darkness and slight hues of dark blue. A nebulous
energy wafting in the aire. Slowly you realize that you are the water. Dustbowl bananas.

[home](/)